1.  Describe the changes you made to make the game work with Python 3

    I changed line 37 of "adventure.py", from `line = raw_input('> ')` to `line
    = input('> ')`, because `raw_input` in Python 2 was replaced by `input` in
    Python 3. The source for this:
    http://stackoverflow.com/questions/954834/how-do-i-use-raw-input-in-python-3

2.  Describe three main techniques that the author used to structure the
    program.

    -   Modular Programming: the game was separated into different modules
        ("adventure.py", "play.py", "data.py", ect.), each deals with a
        different problem. For example, "adventure.py" reads input and prints
        output, while other tasks are done by other modules.

    -   Classes: for example, in the file "model.py", different classes were
        used to organize the codes that are relevant to different parts of the
        game. For example, the "Room" class (line 38) was used to organized the
        location, the "Word" class (line 82) was used to organize the commands
        from the player.

    -   Functions: a lot of functions were defined in each of the modules. These
        functions helped to make the logic of the program clear.

3.  Has the author used meaningful names? Give some examples of meaningful names
    used and what you think they mean. Give some examples of where the author
    has not used meaningful names.

    -   Meaningful names:

        -   In "model.py", the "Room" class, line 46 to 54, the variable names
            are very meaningful and intuitive: "trying\_to\_catch\_bird" is
            about if the player is trying to catch the bird,
            "trying\_to\_deal\_with\_snake" is about if the player is trying to
            deal with the snake, etc.

    -   Not very meaningful names:

        -   In "data.py", line 74 and 75, there are four variables "m", "n",
            "mh", "mm", which I don't see any obvious meanings.

        -   In the same file, line 59 -196 defined 12 functions named as
            `section1`, `section2`, etc., but it's not clear what these sections
            are.

4.  Do the functions used in the code do one thing? Give some examples of
    functions that only do one thing. Give some examples of functions that do
    more than one thing.

    -   Functions that do one thing:

        -   In "model.py", line 118 - 143, each of these functions does one
            thing (e.g., "destroy" does "self.hide").

    -   Functions that do more than one thing:

        -   In "adventure.py", the function "loop" (line 19) seems to be doing
            more than one thing: it parses the description (line 20-25), and
            loops the game (line 27-40).

5.  Do any of the functions cause side effects? If so, which ones?

    Yes. In "data.py", most functions changed the content of the variable
    `data`, presumably because this module is about updating the progress of the
    player.

6.  Can you find any repeated code that could be made into a function?

    No.

7.  Does the program use exception handling? Can you find any input that causes
    the program to terminate abnormally? Hint: run the program from the terminal
    prompt. The invalid input may not be normal text.

    The program has lots of exception handlings. For example, in "adventure.py",
    line 42 to 47, there is `try` and `except`, which decides if the game should
    be terminated by player.

    The game terminated unexpectedly once while I was playing. After I killed
    the bird, and input "w", the program terminated and returned a bunch of
    errors. But this only happened once, and by chceking the error messages and
    looking at the corresponding parts of the code I can't see anything causing
    this.

    I also tried entering weird texts like random typing, cursing, blank space,
    symbols, and emoji. But the game was never interrupted.

8.  Do any of the classes have responsibility over more than one piece of
    functionality. If so, which ones?

    It looks like the class "Game" in "game.py" does all kinds of things. While
    all of them are loosely related to the game, it maybe better to have them
    divided into smaller responsibilities. For example, there are functions
    about moving (line 158), and codes about unlocking (line 982), these two are
    for different functionalities.

9.  Are all the classes cohesive? List any that aren’t.

    The class "Game" in "game.py" may not be very cohesive, for the reasons
    discussed in question 8. If the functions are for different functionalities,
    maybe they are not closely related enough to be put into one cohesive class.

10. Describe the author’s approach to commenting the code. Provide examples of
    good and bad comments that have been used in the code.

    -   Good comments:

        -   In "adventure.py", line 15, while the code is not clear about what
            it does, the comment provided good explanation.

    -   Bad comments:

        -   In "data.py", line 57, the comment (`# Knowledge of what each
            section contains.`) could have been incorporated into the function
            names. The functions were named as `section1`, `section2`, etc., but
            they could have been `knowledge_of_section1`, etc.. Actually the
            function names are still not helpful because it's not clear what
            these sections are, as discussed in question 3.

        -   In "data.py", line 218, the line of code is being commented out.

11. Provide an example of where vertical formatting has been used to make the
    code clearer.

    In "adventure.py", there is an empty line (line 10) after all the importing
    stuff (line 3-9), followed by line 11 which sets the baud rate, followed by
    another empty line (12). This clearly shows that setting the baud rate is a
    separate concept from the importing.

12. Run the tests provided with the program. Do they pass or fail? Do you
    consider the tests meet the F.I.R.S.T. criteria? Provide details of why they
    do or do not meet the criteria.

    After copying everything from /tests, the command `python -m unittest
    discover` returned the result: Ran 28 tests in 10.618s; OK. So they all
    pass.

    F.I.R.S.T:

    -   Fast: they are fast, all done in about 10 seconds

    -   Independent: by looking into the test codes, the 28 tests seemed to be
        independent, they can be ran individually.

    -   Repeatable: I only have one environment to test, but I tested a few
        times and the results are the same.

    -   Self-validating: they are all pass or fail.

    -   Timely: obviously I tested long after the code has been developed. But
        presumably the programmer could have tested the code during development
        using these tests.
