1.
I change the raw_input ,which in line 37, in adventure.py to input so that it could work with python 3.

2.
Functions: a type of procedure or routine. They are logically seprated.
Modules: each module contains code necessary to execute only one aspect of the desired functionality.
Classes: combine both structural and behavioral components and comtain a set of functions that define behavior.

3.
Names like resume, should_offer_hint, close_cave are meaningful. Resume means reload the game. Should_offer_hint
means the different situations that the game should give hints to players.close_cave means when cave room is
closed and players have to leave cave. Names like start2, section1, section2, section3..., I think, is meaningless.
 
4.
Not really
Some function do only one thing: For instance, random(self) is used to call self.random_generator.random() and return
                                 the output.
                                 write_message(self, n) just calls self.write(self.messages[n]) and return the output.
And some do more than one thing: For instance, is_dark(self) first calls self.object['lamp'], then checks whether
                                 players can use lamp, and also return self.loc.is_dark.

5.
Yes. For example, in _do_command(self, words), it changes the value of clock1 and store the new value in the self.clock1,
which means this function modify a global variable. Besides, the value of clock1 has the side effect of assigning value
to other varaibles, such as clock2. This presents a potential hangup for programmers.

6.
For example, in line 18-21 and 30-33 in play.py is repeated which can be made to a function or import on the top of the file. 
    global _game
    from game import Game
    from prompt import install_words

7.
Yes. The game uses exception handling in loop() in adventure.py when saving game file.

When inputing CTRL+C, it throws an expection 'KeyboardInterrupt' and terminates abnormally.
When inputing CTRL+Z, it also stops, but I think it is due to CTRL+Z is designed to stop program in command line. 

8.
Yes.For instance, the class game obviouly has more than one piece of of functionalite which should be divided into 
different classes. It includes move, location, status, start, command, look, die and other responsibilities.

9.
Not all the classes are cohesive. The game class is not cohesive as I mention in 8. And class Dwarf is not very cohesive
either, since it also includes some functions of pirate instead of merely dwarf.
But classes, such as Object, Hint, are cohesive.
 
 
10.
The author uses some comment to summerize certain functionality in one block or variables like line 104, 116 in model.py.
He also uses comments on the top of each class and file to explain the responsibilities of the file or class. 
He also add many FORTRAN lines as comment such as line 380-383 in game.py.

11. 
In the do_motion in game.py, author uses blank line to identify separate concepts so that it is clear different inputed
words will lead to different motion status. 

12. 
It will fail on walkthrough1.txt and walkthrough2.txt because they try to use adventure object without importing adventure module.
After changing name adventure to play, the game can pass all the test.

Fast
    The test is pretty fast which ran 16 tests in 5.232s on my laptop.
Independent
    The walkthrouth tests are not independent.
Repeatable
    It seems that the tests are repeatable on my laptop.
Self-validating
    The test is self-validating, since unittest module gives result 'pass' or 'fail' which is objective.
Timely
    I do not think the test is timely, since first it is developed in python 2 but the test pass in the python 3.
